Well come back in in the previous lesson we saw how we can work with arithmetic operators.
So this we're going to look at assignment operators and we've already used one of the assignment operators
and the one that's most commonly used is the equal sign.
So basically this gives us the ability to assign a value to a variable assignment operator if we want
to take this one step further and we want to do B.
But here instead of doing B equals B plus 5 we want to start with whatever the value of b is and equal
to itself plus the value of A.
We could do it with in this way as well.
So basically we don't already have a value of b quite yet.
So maybe we need to assign a value of B.
So a give B a value of 4 and then over here is where we're going to reassign a new value for B.
So this is essentially the same thing as doing B equals B plus a because we want to keep that initial
value of B.
We know that B is equal to 4.
Over here we're reassigning a value to B but we're using its existing value which is four.
And then we're adding a value of A which is 5.
So we're going to get a value of nine now for B.
And this is the same thing over here.
But this is just a shorter format and this is just using the assignment operator plus equal sign.
So it's going to get return back the same results.
So these are both going to return back a value of a value of nine.
Let's try that and go back out here and refresh it.
So let's do B equals B.
So reassigning a value to B and we're equal and B equals itself plus the value of A.
So we're getting a value of 19 because we actually did execute these two out.
And that's what's going on there.
So let me try that again.
So we're going to do this time.
Let's do it within the assignment operator equaling.
So we're doing B equals B plus A.
So a shorter format.
And we're turning back nine.
So this was the same thing I was doing B as B plus.
So now because we've already got nine when we assign another value of 5 to it we end up with 14.
We could also do the same thing where we've got that assignment operator of adding we subtract the value
of A.
So we see that B now has a response back as 9.
So we know the value of b is 9.
We can even do multiplication so we can reassign the value of b and we can multiply it by the value
of a.
So we see that now we've got forty five because we're doing nine times five.
So that's 45.
We can also do instead of multiplication.
We can do division.
So that would bring back the number back to 9.
So a number of different things that you can do.
You can even do the modulus of that as well.
So the value of the
and B modulus of a and we see that we've got the return value of 4 because A is going to go into B one
time.
So that's going to leave a remainder of four so that's basically what the short format for that one
is going to be.
So now try it for yourself as well.
Try out all the different assignment operators and try to use these short forms.
So set up one with the longer format and give it some time.
Play around with it and try it for yourself.
So try out the shorthand for adding one value to another shorthand for subtracting one value from the
original value multiplying dividing and modulus because these are going to be really useful operators
as you do your programming.
So open up your editor and create some of these operators within your within your javascript code.